# Privacy Policy
> Updated February 27, 2024

## Overview
By accessing the Apps, you agree to not only this Privacy Policy, but also to our Terms of Use and any other written agreements for using the Apps. And you agree to our collection and use of any personal data (as described here) as well as the features of public/permissionless blockchain technology.

This Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy") provides a comprehensive description of how Hey ("we", "our", or "us") collects, uses, and shares information about you in connection with the website at masca.io and MetaMask snap Masca, as well as your rights and choices regarding such information.

By accessing or using the Apps, you accept and assume certain inherent features related to engaging in recording the data on the blockchain. Interactions with Masca can but not necessarily rely on smart contracts stored on a publicly available blockchain, cryptographic tokens generated by the smart contracts, and other nascent software, applications, cryptographic methods and systems that interact with blockchain-based networks. One of the defining features of blockchain technology is that its entries are immutable, which means, as a technical matter, they generally cannot be deleted or modified by anyone. If you are not comfortable assuming the inherently immutable and public nature of all entries on the blockchain, you should not engage with our Apps.

## Information Collection
We may collect the following information about you when you use the Apps:

Information you provide such as feedback, question and issues reports. For such info, please contact us at info@lutralabs.io. You may choose to voluntarily provide other information to us that we have not solicited from you, and, in such instances, you are solely responsible for such information.

We may use tracking technologies to automatically collect information including the following:

Log Files, to record events or errors that occur when using our Apps, specifically the website at masca.io.
Cookies, small data stored on your device that are necessary for you to use the Apps.
Public Information, data from activity that is publicly visible and/or accessible on blockchains. This may include blockchain addresses and other derivatives of different identifiers in wallets.

## Use of Information
We may need to use your information to operate and manage the Services on this Apps (or other places), provide you support, ensure we comply with laws and regulation, and enforce the security of the Apps or make other improvements.

## Third-Parties
This Privacy Policy does not apply to websites, apps, products, or services that we do not own or control. For example, your interactions with MetaMask wallet, any other Ethereum wallet, Masca wallet, Google Drive, and Ceramic Network are governed by the applicable privacy policies of those particular services.

##  Analytics
We use Vercel Analytics, but only on masca.io to collect various events from user actions to analyse and make decisions for improvements to Apps and to examine website analytics.

We collect the website referrer's URL address, operating system name, country and browser agent name that were used to access the website (for example: Mac, United States of America, Chrome). None of the info mentioned above can be traced back to a specific user and is not treated as personal identifiers. This helps us build analytics.

We may change to other third-party analytics service provider. The Privacy Policy of Analytics subjects to every provider. You should review everything before using the Apps.

## Your Rights and Choices
We may collect the following information about you when you use the Site:

Cookies. We will only use strictly necessary cookies. These cookies are essential for you to browse the Site and use its features, including accessing secure areas of the Site.
Do Not Track. Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to the online services you visit. Note, however, there is no industry consensus as to what Site and app operators should do with regard to these signals. Accordingly, unless and until the law is interpreted to require us to do so, we do not monitor or take action with respect to “Do Not Track” signals. For more information on “Do Not Track,” visit https://allaboutdnt.com.

## Data Security
We implement and maintain reasonable administrative, physical, and technical security safeguards to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse, unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Nevertheless, transmission via the internet is not completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of information about you.

## Children
The Apps are intended for general audiences and are not directed at children. To use the Apps, you must legally be able to enter into the Agreement. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children.

## Changes to Policy
We reserve the right to revise and reissue this Privacy Policy at any time. Any changes will be effective immediately upon our posting of the revised Privacy Policy. For the avoidance of doubt, your continued use of the Apps indicates your consent to the revised Privacy Policy then posted.

## Contact
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, our data practices, or our compliance with applicable law, please contact us at info@lutralabs.io.
